He was wearing that suit,
moving would also be difficult.
He can't have gone far. Could it be that,
he ran away again.
Sir, are you looking for something?
Announce it,
seal off all entrances.
Gather all the servants,
we must find Ji Lingling.
Then, the party over there…
Suspend.
I understand.
Cheers.
How have you been lately?
This is an excellent wine.
Honored guests, esteemed leaders,
something unexpected has come up,
we're instructed by the master that tonight's
party is terminated early.
Everyone, let's go.
Julie, that was rather reckless of you.
Madam Minister, I just saw Miss Ji
get into a black car,
the car has already
left the manor.
I'll go report to the master now.
Your foot is injured,
go back to your room and treat your injury.
I'll report Miss Ji's matter.
Should be arriving at the hospital soon,
reporting now is just right.
Sir, just now outside
I met Julie,
she said she saw Miss Ji get into
a black car,
it seems that car has already
left the manor.